This file is licensed to you under the license specified in the included file
`COPYING'. Look there for further details.


GENERAL TASKS:

* Generate C++ code

* Generate Java code

The current maintainer is taking patches. See the file `AUTHORS'.

Implement synonyms

Should - be always interpreted as the standard output

Generate code that uses Argp

Duplicate options: A @dfn{duplicate option} is an option that, like a
multiple option, may be specified more than once, but for which only
the last use is significant.   The classic example is the @option{-O}
switch present in most C compilers:

maintainer-mode

CLEANING

- code duplication in check_option and create_option in gengetopt.cc

TESTS

generate in the code also a test main with a string containing the test
arguments and then in the main, check that the results are as expected.

avoid to touch sample1.ggo and sample2.ggo for make check in doc.

check whether --show-help correctly handles escaped newlines

check also detailed and full help for \\n and text

TEXT BUG:

section         "Section 1" 
option          "str-opt"   s "A string option, for a filename"
	optional 
	string typestr="filename"
text            "      explain more about the string option"
section         "Section 2" 
option          "int-opt"   i "A int option"  int optional 

In this case text will be printed after Section 2 and before int-opt
since the text is set in the option during gengetopt_check_option, while
it should be set during the parsing:
when text is encountered if there's already an option parsed
we should set its text_after.
But we should be careful not to set the same text after an option and
before another one: after setting a text_after we should set current text to 0.
And what if the text is after a section?
If we had set the current text to 0 there should be no problems.

Probably it's better to have "option parts" and distinguishing
between standard options, sections, text, modes, etc.
This requires some refactoring!
But would this work for sections with only hidden options? No I guess.

Possible fix found by setting the text in the parser
- apply the current_option solution to other options (mode and group)
- deal with text coming after a section (check current_section), but this would not
  work in case there more text occurrences?  It should, test it.
  and reset to 0 parsed_a_section after having parsed an option.
- but do this also for modes and groups?

Probably we should avoid to check whether the option after a section is hidden:
does a section with only hidden options make sense?
Yes probably it's better to keep this feature.

